doc: add section on RWX mount options override. (#854)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.4.4/advanced-resources/rwx-workloads.md

For new volumes, users can override the defaults to use mount options of their choice by creating a customized StorageClass with an `nfsOptions` parameter. For instance:

  ```yaml
  kind: StorageClass
  apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
  metadata:
    name: longhorn-test
  provisioner: driver.longhorn.io
  allowVolumeExpansion: true
  reclaimPolicy: Delete
  volumeBindingMode: Immediate
  parameters:
    numberOfReplicas: "3"
    staleReplicaTimeout: "2880"
    fromBackup: ""
    fsType: "ext4"
    nfsOptions: "vers=4.1,noresvport,softerr,timeo=600,retrans=5"
  ```

  Replace the `nfsOptions` string with a customized comma-separated list of legal options.  Then, create RWX volume PVCs using the above StorageClass.

### Notes

1. The complete set of options must be supplied.

2. If there is a typo or an erroneous value in the string, Longhorn does no validation of the override and will not catch it.  The mount will be rejected by the NFS server, and the volume cannot be created or attached.

> 3. In versions 1.4.0 to 1.4.3 and 1.5.0 to 1.5.1 of Longhorn, the Longhorn CSI plugin uses a `hard` mount option within the share-manager Pod in the `NodeStageVolume` step. The `hard` mount allows NFS requests to persistently retry without termination, ensuring that IOs do not fail. When the server is back online or a replacement server is recreated, the IOs resume seamlessly, thus guaranteeing data integrity. However, there is potential risk that to maintain file system stability, the Linux kernel will not permit unmounting a file system until all pending IOs are written back to storage. The system cannot undergo shutdown until all such file systems are unmounted. If the NFS server fails to recover successfully, the client nodes must undergo a forced reboot.
> 
>     To mitigate the issue for existing volumes in those releases, upgrade to v1.4.4, v1.5.2, or anything later.  The `persistentvolume.spec.csi.volumeAttributes` field is immutable, and making adjustments to the `nfsOptions` within this field is prohibited.  After upgrading the Longhorn system, the default `softerr` or `soft` option will be automatically applied when reattaching RWX volumes, if there were no overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Longhorn v1.4.0 to v1.4.3 and v1.5.0 to v1.5.1, volumes within a share manager pod (specifically, in `NodeStageVolume`) are hard mounted by the Longhorn CSI plugin. Hard mounting allows Longhorn to persistently retry sending NFS requests, ensuring that IOs do not fail even when the NFS server becomes inaccessible for some time. IOs resume seamlessly when the server regains connectivity or a replacement server is created.

  This mechanism for guaranteeing data integrity, however, comes with some risk. To maintain stability, the Linux kernel does not allow unmounting of a file system until all pending IOs are completed. This is a concern because the system cannot shut down until all file systems are unmounted. If the NFS server is unable to recover, the client nodes must undergo a forced reboot.

  To mitigate the issue, upgrade to v1.4.4, v1.5.2, or a later version. After upgrading, either `softerr` or `soft` is automatically applied to the `nfsOptions` parameter whenever RWX volumes are reattached (if the default settings are not overridden).
```

> 4. The user may choose to mount `hard` using the nfsOptions override mechanism, for the advantages noted above.  If so, any such volumes will be subject to the related risks as well.
> 
> Please refer to [#6655](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6655) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can still use the `hard` mount option (via the `nfsOptions` override mechanism), but mounted volumes are subject to the outlined risks.

For more information, see [#6655](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6655).
```
